Developer Diagnostic Functionality in GPAPortal.

Project Description:
Provide EMT Dev with a GUI that allows developers to track their server's health in a unified view in order to facilitate the process of production debugging in real time.

About Project:
Adding new side menu in the GPAPortal for the functionality.
Creating the user interface to list the servers and the associated links to their boards in Splunk/Grafana.
Adding support for executing GPES/GPWS refresh commands from the GUI.
GPWS Generic Command Listener will be added to hear the message from GPAPortal(front-end) and then process it to GPACommandServer.

Measure of success:
Clean, user friendly GUI.
Use of industry standard technologies and practices.
Establishing reliable and robust connection with servers.
Project to be carried out along with the vision.

Scope:
1.This functionality addition in GPAPortal will provide a one stop for viewing server health and taking corrective action.
2.It will be widely used as it will facilitate the process of production debugging in real time.
3.The scope is not limited to checking server health but also executing refresh commands.


Script to add new columns in Central Dictionary file.

Project Description:
Provide users a file format and a script which can be used for adding new columns in dictionary.

About project:
A new script will be written to read new columns info from a standard excel file.
The file will contain data about the new column that needs to be added to the dictionary.
The data will be added in dictionary file and a PR will be created for review
After team's approval, changes will be released to Production.

Criteria for success:
To make sure that the scripts are written precisely will all the requirements covered.
Getting on development track timely.
To carry the project along with vision it has been demanded off.

Scope:
1.This functionality will reduce our manual efforts by standardizing the approach to add new columns.
2.It will be widely used as it will automate the process and remove our manual work.
3.The scope is not limited to just 1 plugin. It can be used for column addition across our Dashboard plugins
